hello oh my god this is
the best thing ever delish
super good quality
hello welcome to another
video i hope you're having the loveliest
day in today's one i thought i would
just bring you along
for a chill spend the day with me just
like a nice little catch-up kind of vlog
show you what i get up to today it is a
monday when i'm filming this
going to be getting on with work i'm
going to do some filming
i just felt like catching up with you
today it is so nice outside
like i actually think spring might be up
there as like one of my favorite
times of the year like is that in the
back
me all the plants and trees and stuff
are blooming or like starting to bloom
and it's just so much nicer that
the clocks have gone back so we've got
an extra
hour of daylight and i'm just i'm so
happy for that right now so i've got
some deliveries coming
today i believe i've got some more gym
equipment arriving i actually missed the
dhl
parcel last friday like i was in when he
came but i don't think he gave me a
chance like i got to the door and
he'd gone and then i got an email and he
taken a picture of my front door and i
was so confused because it was a matter
of seconds
like he just prodded that like a a knock
and run
so yeah i'm just gonna make a coffee in
a sec
so you know that we've got the nespresso
coffee machine i thought we'd enjoying
that recently i feel like i want
something a bit stronger or maybe i just
need to change my capsules
but mason who was it one of mason's
friends
has been going on about this thing which
you just the name of it is
i got it off amazon but basically it's
just kind of like a you put the coffee
in here put a little bit of water and
then
you just put it on the hop it makes it
really nice i'll leave a link anyway
down below because i can't remember the
full name of it
but yeah this we have been using this
ground coffee
which is nude coffee roasters stone
fruit and citrus but it just smells like
oh my god it's like you could smell it
it's just the most heavenly just smells
like a coffee shop like a really good
you know like a really good
home made coffee that is what it reminds
me of
so yeah i'm just going to make this in a
second and i'm about to do
a workout i've just put on a really nice
bright outfit and i'll show you this
so this is a little gym outfit of the
day
love this very bright we've got some
pink
leggings going on and i've just shoved
this crop jumper i
am just looking at feeling brighter and
lighter
as you can tell nobody i say hello
so she's just chilling in the garden
she's also really liking
brighter days aren't you popping you
went to the groomers last week
and i thought she had a bit of alopecia
like she's gone really
fair on this leg and hip so i don't know
what's going on there but we recently
changed her food so i'm thinking it's
something to do with that but she's on
back on her raw diet now we feel like it
was fish and potatoes
wasn't it just thinking i haven't
vlogged in such a long time
i feel like i've forgotten how to do
just like a normal vlog
but i feel like as well i've got a lot
to update you on i'm gonna start with
this is an update but
these flowers i got for myself the other
day they were on offer i think they were
like two pounds
from 12 pounds so they're really nice
and
bright but yeah this morning i
went to bed quite late last night so i
got up later normally i just feel like
you know those kind of days just end up
never the greatest but still determine i
was like no
i'm having a good day today even if i
did wake up later
so i started my death by meditating for
10 minutes i did a really good like
positive energy worm
which was lovely and it was actually a
full moon last night so i
left my crystals outside to cleanse
and yeah wrote down like my plan for
today my affirmations and stuff
and feeling good to go i feel like i can
have a little dance or something before
i train just like moving my body
but yeah let's make this coffee i'm
going to train fasted
today and i will make some food a bit
later on
my breath everything pretty much just as
i was talking about waiting for a
delivery that i just all arrived so
everything i've got
is from mirror fit going to open this
all up
perfect because it's come just in time
for leg
day so this is very exciting it's all
boxed really nicely as well and well
protected because i do find sometimes
with
like gym equipment and stuff because
it's heavy if it's not boxed right like
it kind of comes
and it's just sort of already open so
yeah really well boxed
so far and it's all intact and it had
easy like handle things to carry on i
know this sounds like
minor but yeah it's really handy if
you're doing if you're like obviously
trying like moving it about
this is the best thing
ever i've wasted some time for a
dedicated
hit for a bench like i always struggle
with
like your normal sized bench and some
are actually higher than others so this
is like the perfect
height and i like how it's really small
and compact so
oh my gosh so this is
the hip first bench it's so solid like
mason was just
saying as well it's super solid so you
could do
other exercises you could also use this
as a bench so in my element like this
has been a really good
purchase so yeah this is just a shape so
you can have
an idea and then we
have got two 20 kg twins
how nice is this plate because basically
we're struggling so
they're 20 kgs there but obviously
they're much
shorter so when you're dead lifting
doing movements like like like the range
of motion was just completely out of
whack so we've got the two
20kg twins i'm too happy about obviously
because
they are taller and thicker in width
they're just going to be much more
functional
for deadlifts hip thrusting it was
driving me mad like the past week or so
obviously i've been
doing deadlifts and stuff and i was
trying to slide stuff underneath to
create that mother platform
we can obviously just add the other
weights on top but yeah these are really
great quality really nice and thick
and i just think they look really classy
in the black color
and it just matches really well and then
also got these at 2.5 kg
in red these are perfect super good
quality
and i really think mirror fit is so
affordable as well
especially for like all their new
equipment i'm so happy with the quality
of this
of everything that i picked up also got
the exercise bench
that's going to take a little while to
set up like i'm probably going to need
about half an hour
me makes going to do that later on today
and i'm going to use this
bench today i think i'm going to get a
lot of use out of
all these things but yeah that is
everything i wanted to get like
pretty much sorted now like i feel like
other than like some sort of
cable machine type thing that is like a
good
selection and range we've got how cute
these little plates matters that we put
in
oh my god i didn't know at first i was
like these little weights or something
you know they're just like
placemats yeah i'm so happy right now
like
little home gym is pretty much almost
complete
i just i'm waiting for some stuff to put
on the walls i ordered
a neon sign and i'm super excited for
that to come so i'll keep you updated on
any
changes
[Music]
right i'm just gonna make
of course my all-time favorite flavor at
the moment is great candy all-in-one
pre-workout i'm gonna shove this
in my cup
i'll leave this linked down below i got
all my topics and stuff from
phd
[Music]
i'm gonna make some oats absolutely
shocked i'm gonna do
what i eat in a day soon today i just
thought it would be more like a chatty
kind of vlog but i'm gonna do some
baking actually and we're gonna make a
cheesecake a protein
cheesecake together which i'm really
looking forward to and i'll make sure i
include like the macros and stuff
as usual it's so nice today like you
know you feel like you want to be
outside all day yeah i got some filming
done i also filmed
some tick tocks
have heard a delivery massive
phd box i've ran out of my favorite
protein
guys honestly you're gonna love this if
you haven't tried it yet
you know just how long i've went up
about flipping
vanilla cream or like cookies and cream
whey and this
is just something else it's blueberry
and lemon flavour and it's just the most
unreal thing you could ever imagine so
i'm going to show you it
yeah i completely ran out and i had my
normal like cookies and cream and it
just didn't really hit the same so
i had i've got two bags this time but it
says limited edition so i don't know how
long
they've got it but i think i'm so upset
if they don't like
carry on bringing it out
oh my god this honestly makes me so
happy i got like a restock of a load of
stuff
does anyone else do this i'm mid making
breakfast and i get too excited
i'll just get this all out
so this is the restock i haven't tried
this flavor yet
this is from like their new collection
cherry baked quail but i haven't tried
this yet so i'll let you know and then
this
oh this is just unreal so good
but yeah for some reason it says limited
edition so i'm gonna have to email them
and ask like please don't
get rid of this flavor and then i got
some more smart bars
i just have these like if i'm on the go
ever they're really good so yeah two
two packs of those and then i got this
chocolate orange deluxe diet way
honestly this way is so good for baking
as well so i'm just here for this
and then i picked up flipping three
three phd white chocolate brandy it's
like a what's called a peanut butter
and it's just so good but i seem to go
through it pretty quick because i have
it every morning basically and i'm gonna
give one to my dad
because i feel like he'll really like
this i just got another shaker
because i just don't know why i put
these i always have one in the car and
stuff so i just needed
an extra like a random this is a galaxy
enchanted egg
very random can i eat this now i'm so
hungry right now i shouldn't have
trained legs faster than hansard because
oh i'm just starving these coconut rolls
as well are so cute
so i've got showered and ready and i'm
actually in
jeans like i could not tell you the last
time i wore
jeans
so it's been a few hours i think since i
last chatted
but yeah i've just been doing some work
and stuff and
can working work it today i need to go
to the supermarket
in a sec i mentioned on instagram the
other day
i had a medium reading with a medium
they're saying i've been to him like two
or three times over the last
two years and he has always been so
accurate like i've been to a few before
and they've never been there accurate or
like i just
didn't get the best five so this guy has
been absolutely amazing
it's kind of like connecting with my mum
kind of thing
and yeah really interesting but the
strange thing happened like the day
after he it was like an hour long
reading
and the following day he sent me a
message saying he'd refunded me and i
was just
so confused because the reading was
really good but he said he wasn't 100
happy with it but yeah he just refunded
me and it was quite an appointment with
him for an hour is 120 pounds i was
really shocked
but yeah really unusual so i've been
working on something
for the longest time like i'm pretty
sure it's over a year now and that is
like in the background i can't honestly
say too much about that still which is
just killing me but it's just taking a
long time to be so worth it when i can
sort of reveal with you but
it's frustrating because i feel like
i've been a bit quiet on stuff recently
and that is just because i've been
focusing
elsewhere and then it's just difficult
isn't it to keep on top of absolutely
everything when you've got a lot on
i'm not complaining i'm so happy to be
making like good progress and stuff with
stuff so i've put on normal clothes
today which feels strange because
i'm just living in active world but now
like lockdown's new finishing isn't it
in the uk
that i feel like i need to get into some
sort of flow but today has made me
realize how much i need to order some
like spring clothes
and a lot more lighter colors like i've
got quite a tomboy-ish wardrobe at the
moment and
i don't know where that's coming from i
just feel like i prefer dressing
a certain way these days when i'm
actually like the biggest girl you get
apart from my actually where i say it's
different like i was just wearing pink
this morning
really addressed any like fitness goals
so at the moment i've
tried i think i might do another cut
sometime soon i've just like been
maintaining for quite a while
and last time i sort of like did i was
in a surplus was around christmas time
and then now i just
quite like my performance goals at the
moment like i feel like
probably past years i've always had
aesthetic goals and stuff but i'm just
enjoying
performance goals at the moment and just
working out and stuff that makes me feel
good
right i just did a quick tip run and
now i'm just gonna go into the
supermarket i've come to a waitrose
today i don't
i've been mixing it up recently with the
supermarket so i'm gonna have a little
meat round here
and get some bits for a cheesecake
recipe and also for some
dinner tonight oh god i had a zoom
meeting
in my car anyway just picked up i've
been got loads of stuff from waitrose
i'll show you when i get home
i love waitrose they've got such a
vast collection go to normal supermarket
and you know you can get flour whereas
here
i didn't even know that there was like
20 different types of flour
quite like trying new things so anyway
i've just got some
lemon and herb pieces
i'm so hungry
just got home and mason has actually
cooked
the chicken like half chicken i think so
i'm gonna have a bit of this
because this isn't very much i'm gonna
make like a chicken and avocado
flatbread thing
so i just got these which i've not seen
before they're just like seeded little
flatbreads
delish oh my god yes i put some mayo on
as well i'm just gonna eat this now
so this is just what i've picked up i've
never actually tried these hex
burgers and you'll probably know how
much i love the sausages so i've got
some of those
some more dark chocolate some
cherries these are all pepper never
tried these for these
original round crisp red bins some
dried organic mango which i love and
also vanilla
really loves this too mango is my
all-time like favorite
and it's really nice right then just
some bits of salad
to go with dinners and also some bagels
i haven't had cherries in so long
it's got a stone in the middle
so this is what we're using for the
cheesecake he's actually pretty minimal
and i'm just using some white chocolate
flavored diet whey
greek yogurt two tubs of the fat-free
cork
soft cheese and then here we've got
three eggs some sweetener
i'm using the stevia leaf one some
vanilla extract and a dark chocolate
chip and then i'm using this as a
coconut oil as i forgot to pick up some
for the base i'm going to use some oat
i'm just going to blend these up
so i'm just going to measure out 60
grams of oats
and then blend these up
[Music]
so yeah and that is the oh the oat flour
so i'm just gonna pop this in to a large
mixing bowl
obviously i would recommend using
coconut oil but i'm going to use
this because it's all i've got in so i'm
just going to measure this out so i'm
going to do about two and a half
this is just like a coconut oil kind of
spray so that'll be
about 25 grams of this one cow sprout
shoe which is going to be interesting
and then i'm just going to mix
this together
[Music]
to add a about a tablespoon of
golden syrup
[Music]
room
just popped the cheesecake base in the
oven
and that ended up way stickier would
definitely recommend using actual
coconut oil like which isn't really
great to bake with but i thought i'd
just make do anyway
so i'm going to pop that in for about 10
minutes or so and i'm going to get
started
on whipping up the actual mix itself
love this like cheesecake i just
adore so now just for the rest of the
ingredients this has been replaying up
like my scale is not playing ball today
laundry 450 of
this clock 60 grams
per roti
and then one egg and two
whites
a teaspoon of vanilla extract
50 grams of sweetness
and now i'm just gonna whisk it all up i
absolutely love this part
oh yeah
so just measuring out 15 grams of
chocolate chips
i'm just going to microwave these
quickly and then pour them in
[Music]
so i added a bit of milk just to my
melted chocolate just so it's a bit
runnier
and i'm just gonna grab a little kick
swirly
[Music]
just popped the cheesecake in the oven
so that'll take about an hour to an
hour and a half but i've got it on 160
degrees
so i'm just going to play that by you
see how that goes i haven't baked it
this
type of way before so yeah bit of trial
and error gonna let this cool and then
i'm gonna pop it in
the fridge i think that really helps
like a cheesecake texture
but i'm just gonna pop that in the
fridge for a bit
this is a very random dinner we've got
some quinoa rice
and turkey beans a bit of avocado
very random but this is my favorite at
the moment to be honest
oh my god the consistency
of this cheesecake so i left it
overnight in the fridge
and wow i think that makes all the
difference like
just try it a little bit and it is so
good i'll make sure to include
all the macros and stuff on the screen
[Music]
oh penelope keeps finding like holes
that she's actually
digging these out like look at this
through the flipping fence
so i've got some more chicken wire but
this is not a softener like she just
seems to go at it because she wants to
get to the neighbor's dog so
i'm gonna try put some more up
[Music]
try and escape your cheeky monkey hello
no more escaping taking one of them
crystals out
i'm gonna wrap this vlog up here let me
know if you want to see more of these
like chill
chatty vlog style videos i am just about
to
watch another episode of snow peas i
actually forgot
i absolutely loved the first season of
that and yeah i'm just gonna chill out
tonight i've just made some chicken
burgers
i'm gonna have those and yeah it's been
so
lovely weather so lovely weather it's
been really nice weather recently
and i'm just here for that but yeah i
hope you are having an amazing week
and i'll see you in the next video
[Music]
you